_pages/arhoma.md, before:

Arhoma Mohammed, born on March 1, 1971, in Sirte, Libya, has built a distinguished career in animal science. He earned his B.Sc. from Tripoli University in 1993 and served the Ministry of Agriculture in Sirte, overseeing poultry, sheep, and cattle projects for 17 years. In parallel, he worked as a Poultry Adviser at Easiest Green Co. from 1996 to 2010. To enhance his language skills, Arhoma attended Colorado State University in 2008. He later pursued a Master’s degree at the University of New England in Australia, completing it in 2014. Currently, he is a Ph.D. candidate in Animal Science at Dalhousie University, starting in 2023.

Arhoma is skilled in relationship building, public speaking, and team collaboration. He has also gained expertise in computer basics and programming. Fluent in Arabic and proficient in English, he has published research on the effects of canola meal on broiler performance. With solid references from the University of New England, Arhoma continues to contribute significantly to the field of animal science.

**Key Areas of Expertise** :`Livestock Management`,`Poultry Advisory`,`Academic Research`,`Professional Development`

Arhoma Mohammed is dedicated to advancing his impact in animal science, with a strong foundation in both practical and academic settings.


##### Socials  : [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arhoma-mohammed-5935811ba/)

Commit message:

New Pages of Hamza, Madiya, Olufemi and Arhoma

_pages/arhoma.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Arhoma Mohammed
description: Ph.D. candidate in Animal Science at Dalhousie University with extensive experience in livestock management and academic research.
img: assets/img/profile_arhoma.jpg
importance: 2
category: team
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/arhoma-mohammed-5935811ba/
---

Arhoma Mohammed, born on March 1, 1971, in Sirte, Libya, has built a distinguished career in animal science. He earned his B.Sc. from Tripoli University in 1993 and served the Ministry of Agriculture in Sirte, overseeing poultry, sheep, and cattle projects for 17 years. In parallel, he worked as a Poultry Adviser at Easiest Green Co. from 1996 to 2010. To enhance his language skills, Arhoma attended Colorado State University in 2008. He later pursued a Master’s degree at the University of New England in Australia, completing it in 2014. Currently, he is a Ph.D. candidate in Animal Science at Dalhousie University, starting in 2023.

Arhoma is skilled in relationship building, public speaking, and team collaboration. He has also gained expertise in computer basics and programming. Fluent in Arabic and proficient in English, he has published research on the effects of canola meal on broiler performance. With solid references from the University of New England, Arhoma continues to contribute significantly to the field of animal science.

### Key Areas of Expertise:
- **Livestock Management**: Extensive experience managing poultry, sheep, and cattle projects.
- **Poultry Advisory**: Over a decade of experience advising on poultry production.
- **Academic Research**: Published research on the effects of feed on broiler performance.
- **Professional Development**: Strong skills in public speaking, relationship building, and team collaboration.

Arhoma Mohammed is dedicated to advancing his impact in animal science, with a strong foundation in both practical and academic settings.

##### Socials  : [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/arhoma-mohammed-5935811ba/)
