_pages/hamza.md, before:

[Hamza Jawad](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hamza-jawad-3a4ab5154/) is an MSc researcher whose work focuses on utilizing metabolomics and genomics to combat gastrointestinal parasitic infections in sheep. His research aims to develop a panel of blood biomarkers for the early and precise detection of parasite infections, allowing for individualized treatment strategies that are more effective and less reliant on chemicals. Additionally, he investigates the genetic and genomic factors associated with parasite resistance in sheep.

This dual approach not only enhances the understanding of host-parasite interactions but also promotes sustainable farming by reducing chemical use and minimizing drug resistance. By informing breeding strategies for parasite-resistant sheep, Hamza's work contributes to the long-term health and sustainability of sheep flocks.

**Key Areas of Expertise** : `Metabolomics & Genomics`, `Parasite Resistance`, `Sustainable Farming`, `Breeding Strategies`

Hamza is dedicated to advancing sustainable livestock practices through innovative research and the application of cutting-edge technologies.

##### Socials  : [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hamza-jawad-3a4ab5154/)

Commit message:

New Pages of Hamza, Madiya, Olufemi and Arhoma

_pages/hamza.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Hamza Jawad
description: MSc researcher focusing on utilizing metabolomics and genomics to combat gastrointestinal parasitic infections in sheep.
img: assets/img/profile_hamza.jpg
importance: 2
category: team
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/hamza-jawad-3a4ab5154/
---

[Hamza Jawad](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hamza-jawad-3a4ab5154/) is an MSc researcher whose work focuses on utilizing metabolomics and genomics to combat gastrointestinal parasitic infections in sheep. His research aims to develop a panel of blood biomarkers for the early and precise detection of parasite infections, allowing for individualized treatment strategies that are more effective and less reliant on chemicals. Additionally, he investigates the genetic and genomic factors associated with parasite resistance in sheep.

This dual approach not only enhances the understanding of host-parasite interactions but also promotes sustainable farming by reducing chemical use and minimizing drug resistance. By informing breeding strategies for parasite-resistant sheep, Hamza's work contributes to the long-term health and sustainability of sheep flocks.

### Key Areas of Expertise:
- **Metabolomics & Genomics**: Focusing on identifying biomarkers and genetic factors for parasite resistance.
- **Parasite Resistance**: Researching the genetic and genomic factors that contribute to parasite resistance in sheep.
- **Sustainable Farming**: Developing strategies that reduce chemical use and promote sustainable livestock management.
- **Breeding Strategies**: Informing breeding strategies to enhance long-term flock health.

Hamza is dedicated to advancing sustainable livestock practices through innovative research and the application of cutting-edge technologies.

##### Socials  : [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hamza-jawad-3a4ab5154/)
