_pages/olufemi.md, before:

Mr. Olufemi Adekunle Osonowo is currently pursuing his MSc degree at Dalhousie University, Dal AC Truro, Canada. Originally from southwest Nigeria, he completed his bachelor's degree in animal breeding and genetics at the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta, Nigeria. His research focuses on sustainable livestock production, specifically utilizing metabolomics and genomics to study and correlate metabolites in sheep with feed efficiency. Additionally, he aims to identify specific genetic biomarkers associated with feed efficiency in sheep through genomic signature selection.

Osonowo's expertise extends to building machine learning algorithms that can predict and optimize various aspects of livestock management, ranging from feed efficiency to animal health monitoring. He possesses a comprehensive understanding of "omics" technology and its application to sustainable livestock management. He is an active member of various professional bodies, including the Genetic Society of America, the Animal Society of Animal Science, Nigeria Institute of Management, and the Nigerian Bioinformatics & Genetics Network.

**Key areas of expertise** : `Metabolomics & Genomics`, `Sustainable Livestock Production`, `Machine Learning Algorithms` 


**Professional Affiliations**: Active member of the Genetic Society of America and other professional bodies.

Mr. Osonowo is dedicated to contributing to the advancement of sustainable livestock production and utilizing cutting-edge technologies for the benefit of the industry.

##### Socials  : [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/osonowo-olufemi-110263132)

Commit message:

New Pages of Hamza, Madiya, Olufemi and Arhoma

_pages/olufemi.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Olufemi Adekunle Osonowo
description: MSc researcher focusing on sustainable livestock production, metabolomics, and genomics.
img: assets/img/profile_olufemi.jpg
importance: 2
category: team
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/osonowo-olufemi-110263132
---

Mr. Olufemi Adekunle Osonowo is currently pursuing his MSc degree at Dalhousie University, Dal AC Truro, Canada. Originally from southwest Nigeria, he completed his bachelor's degree in animal breeding and genetics at the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta, Nigeria. His research focuses on sustainable livestock production, specifically utilizing metabolomics and genomics to study and correlate metabolites in sheep with feed efficiency. Additionally, he aims to identify specific genetic biomarkers associated with feed efficiency in sheep through genomic signature selection.

Osonowo's expertise extends to building machine learning algorithms that can predict and optimize various aspects of livestock management, ranging from feed efficiency to animal health monitoring. He possesses a comprehensive understanding of "omics" technology and its application to sustainable livestock management. He is an active member of various professional bodies, including the Genetic Society of America, the Animal Society of Animal Science, Nigeria Institute of Management, and the Nigerian Bioinformatics & Genetics Network.

### Key Areas of Expertise:
- **Metabolomics & Genomics**: Correlating metabolites and genetic biomarkers with feed efficiency in sheep.
- **Sustainable Livestock Production**: Utilizing advanced technologies to optimize livestock management.
- **Machine Learning Algorithms**: Developing predictive models for feed efficiency and animal health monitoring.
- **Professional Affiliations**: Active member of the Genetic Society of America and other professional bodies.

Mr. Osonowo is dedicated to contributing to the advancement of sustainable livestock production and utilizing cutting-edge technologies for the benefit of the industry.

##### Socials  : [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/osonowo-olufemi-110263132)
